All right, so right off the bat, let me warn you, this is going to be the most complex explanation
that you're going to get in this entire course and possibly all physics.
I'm going to be explain to you how kinematic equations are derived.
And this is an explanation that I know that a lot of physics teachers, either one freeze over or two,
don't explain to their students whatsoever.
And they just give their students the kinematic formulas.
They say here's five kinematic formulas, we're going to use them.
Trust me, they work at very least by the end of this, you're going to have an appreciation for how
these formulas came about.
If you're able to stay with me throughout the explanation, I give you a lot of credit just for sticking
long, just bearing with me here.
It's gonna get very complex.
You're never going to be quizzed or asked to actually do this, at least at a high school level.
So don't feel like that you're going to need to do this.
But stick with me throughout this explanation.
I'll give you a lot of credit if you do.